DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia, King
Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the
Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
SPECTRA: Now Gus...It's time.
GUS: Yes sir...as you wish.
SOLDIER: Launching broadcast jammer.
FANS: [woots and revelry]
PEOPLE: Huh?
Who's that guy?
SPECTRA: Greetings citizens.
I am Spectra...I'm sure many of you remember me as
the leader of the Vexos.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Shadow Attack
SPECTRA: It's true.
I was the leader of the Vexos...
SPECTRA: ...but that is no longer so...
SPECTRA: ...Like you, I was deceived
by the Royal Family.
SPECTRA: King Zenoheld and Prince Hydron are planning
to conquer all nations across every dimension.
SPECTRA: When I learned of their plan to build a new
evil empire, I could no longer be part of the Vexos.
SPECTRA: They branded me a traitor, but I don't care.
ACE: Hah...can you believe the nerve of this guy
taking over the airwaves with his lies.
DAN: Spectra's putting on a good performance.
But I just know he's up to something rotten.
MIRA: Keith, why?
SPECTRA: Vestal is in danger...from the evil
King Zenoheld.
SPECTRA: Vestal is in danger...
ZENOHELD: Hmmph.
PRINCE HYDRON: Why that filthy traitor!
How dare he try to jeopardize our mission like that.
ZENOHELD: Let him babble to the Vestals if he wants...
no one will trust a former member of the Vexos.
Much less a traitor.
SHADOW PROVE: You forgot to mention loser and bad
dresser too, oh yeah!
MYLENE: Oh man...What a dweeb.
SHADOW PROVE: Ooooooh!
Snap.
He is a dweeb isn't...hang on.
SHADOW PROVE: You're talking about me aren't you?
You should talk!
Who's the one who lost to a guy in a ruffled shirt?
SHADOW PROVE: I'll show that loud mouth Mylene.
Let me go next.
KING ZENOHELD: You've have much to learn in the way
of manners, but the others have been
disappointing...Very well...
You may go.
SHADOW PROVE: Yeaaaaahhhh!
SHADOW PROVE: Watch the master at work!
SOLDIER A: The transporter has locked in on the
destination coordinates.
Begin power up in three, two, one...mark.
Transporter is at full power.
We are ready to go.
SHADOW PROVE: Oh yeah!
SOLDIER A: Transport commencing, now!
SHADOW PROVE: That was awful quick...huh?
SHADOW PROVE: What happened?
You knuckleheads messed it up!
I'm still here!
How can you be so useless?
ZENOHELD: What's this?
Why did the transport fail?
This should have been easy.
SOLDIER A: Yes, sir.
Normally it would be, but it seems our transport
signal path to Vestal is being jammed by a
transmission from the Vestal Destroyer.
ZENOHELD: Spectra, no doubt...humphh...he's such
a thorn in my side.
GUS: Our signal interference was
successful, sir.
GUS: We've managed to block the Royal Palace
from transporting anyone aboard to Vestal.
SPECTRA: Excellent news...
I can battle Dan without any interruptions from
Zenoheld or the Vexos.
SPECTRA: I will be the one who defeats Drago...and
this time no one will get in my way.
MIRA: I remember something Keith said to me...
SPECTRA: Once I create my Ultimate Bakugan Warrior,
I will over throw the Royal Family and take Vestal.
Anyone in my way will be destroyed.
DAN: Yeah, but that was before we had the powers
of the Six Ancients.
ACE: We beat him once...It sounds like he's turning
his attention to overthrowing Zenoheld
and the Vexos now.
MIRA: Maybe but we can't be sure it all isn't part
of his larger plan...In the beginning, my brother
infiltrated the royal family because he
suspected that Zenoheld was lying to the people
of Vestal.
MIRA: Once Keith learned the truth about the
Bakugan, something inside of him changed.
He became obsessed with capturing the Perfect Core
Energy which he would use to create his Ultimate
Bakugan and then rule the world.
MIRA: And with that...
MIRA: ...Spectra was born.
DRAGO: So now we must be on guard for attacks from
two enemies.
Zenoheld and the Vexos who are after the Pyrus Energy
Attribute.
And now Spectra who wants the Perfect Core energy.
ELFIN: Gee, Drago.
You sure are Mr. Popular.
DRAGO: There is no humour in this, Elfin.
ELFIN: Oh...
DAN: Doesn't matter...
DAN: Anyone who challenges us is an enemy...
No matter what they're after, they're gonna have
to fight us to get it.
DAN: Bad news for them is...
DAN: ...they're gonna lose.
PRINCE HYDRON: Not being able to travel to Vexos is
a problem for us.
PRINCE HYDRON: That's where the Brawlers with
the Attribute Energies are.
How are we supposed to take their powers now that
Spectra has blocked our path?
ZENOHELD: Hmmm...there has to be a solution...Perhaps
if we can't go to Vestal to face the Brawlers then
we can have them come to us.
MYLENE: But, they'll never come here.
ZENOHELD: No, not here, Mylene...We'll take the
battle to their home.
MYLENE: Oh I see...we will lure the Brawlers off of
Vestal and back to Earth, right into our hands.
ZENOHELD: This way we'll get the drop on the
Brawlers and leave that insolent fool, Spectra in
the dust.
ZENOHELD: [laughter]
Shadow Prove, go!
ALICE: It's so peaceful here.
HYDRA: Yes...at times I'm reminds me of my home on
New Vestroia.
ALICE: Do you miss it?
HYDRA: Now and then.
But I always feel at home with you, Alice.
ALICE: I feel the same Hydranoid.
DR. MICHAEL: Hmmm?
DR. MICHAEL: That's odd.
The sensors are saying that a dimension gate has
opened nearby.
DR. MICHAEL: But the Dimension Transporter
System isn't powered up at the moment.
[gasp]
DR. MICHAEL: Oh No!
Someone must be transporting themselves
from another dimension using another system.
Which means that...
DR. MICHAEL: They're Vexos!
DR. MICHAEL: I've got to warn Alice.
She's in danger!
ALICE: [grunt/stretching reax]
I'm hungry.
I wonder if Grandfather's back with lunch yet.
SHADOW PROVE: Yeahhh.
I'm hungry too, Alice.
For battle that is.
ALICE: I guess we should head back to the house and
set the table.
SHADOW PROVE: [loud growl]
SHADOW PROVE: [growl]
Leaving so soon?
What's the rush, little lady?
ALICE: Oh...hi there...
ALICE: Are you lost little doggie?
SHADOW PROVE: Little doggie?
I'm a werewolf!
ALICE: A werewolf with red nail polish?
SHADOW PROVE: What? Are you kidding me??
You should be terrified right now.
ALICE: I'm really sorry.
SHADOW PROVE: You'll be sorry alright.
After I take your Bakugan in Battle!
[laughter]
ALICE: Vexos!
....You're no werewolf.
SHADOW PROVE: This wolf's about
to steal your picnic basket.
[maniacal laughter]
ALICE: Shadow Prove wants to brawl,
I need your help, Hydranoid!
ALICE: [panting, exertion reax]
SHADOW PROVE: Hey, where you goin'?
We were just starting to have fun.
[howl]
HYDRA: Alice. Why are you running?
We can beat him in battle.
ALICE: Hydranoid, I can't...
HYDRA: Yes you can.
You were given a Gauntlet by Mira.
ALICE: [panting reax] Hydranoid, please, please.
I can't go back there.
I just can't.
ALICE: I put my days of Battling behind me when I
laid my Masquerade identity to rest.
ALICE: [panting]
ALICE: [sigh]
I think we finally lost him.
SHADOW PROVE: [Low growl] ALICE: Wait.
Did you here something?
SHADOW PROVE: [another low growl]
ALICE: Did I imagine it?
ALICE: Maybe my ears are playing tricks on me.
SHADOW PROVE: [growl]
ALICE: Something smells like wet dog.
SHADOW PROVE: [yelps, frightened reax]
ALICE: [frightened reax]
SHADOW PROVE: [frightened reax]
SHADOW PROVE: Heeeyyy!
What's with scaring me like that?
Can we quit stalling at get to the battle,
already?
ALICE: [gasp] But...I...
SHADOW PROVE: [slurp]
I can taste my victory already.
ALICE: [gasp, cowering reax]
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter]
Hmmmm?
CHAN: [Kung-Fu battle cry)
SHADOW PROVE: Ahhhh!
Not the kidneys!
CHAN: [sigh of relief]
ALICE: Hey, are you...? Chan Lee!
CHAN: Hey Alice. What's up?
Klaus asked me to check in on you, so I brought this...
... just in case.
ALICE: A Gauntlet?
SHADOW PROVE: [grunt]
Another Bakugan Brawler, eh?
Two for one...Today must be my lucky day.
CHAN: Are you ready to do this, Alice?
ALICE: Uh...I don't know if I can.
HYDRA: I need to even the score ...I cannot back
down...Please, Alice do this...for me.
ALICE: [gasp]
ALICE: But...
MASQUERADE: You know you want to, Alice.
ALICE: Masquerade...
ALICE: It's just that...I'm afraid if I
give in that...
ALICE: .... I might not come back.
HYDRA: That's it Alice.
ALICE: Okay, you want a battle you've got it.
SHADOW PROVE: Hah...let's go.
CHAN: Don't forget about me.
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet, activate.
SHADOW PROVE: Gauntlet...
ALICE AND CHAN: Power Strike!
DR. MICHAEL: Alice, wait!
SHADOW PROVE: Rock on!
Gate card, set!
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan Brawl!
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan Stand!
Darkus Hades.
HYDRA: So this is Hades...Ingram told me
about him...My imposter.
HYDRA: I want to destroy him.
ALICE: I understand...let's go.
ALICE: Here I come, Vexos.
ALICE: Bakugan Brawl!
ALICE: Bakugan Stand!
Darkus Alpha Hydranoid!
HYDRA: [mighty roar]
HYDRA: You're a pale imitation who's about
to feel the wrath of a true Hydra.
SHADOW PROVE: Hah!
We'll see who's best.
ALICE: Ability activate!
Death Trident!
HYDRA: [roar]
SHADOW PROVE: Ooooh, that tickles.
SHADOW PROVE: See if you like this.
Ability activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Phaser Trident!
HYDRA: [grunting, pain reax]
ALICE: Hydranoid!
SHADOW PROVE: Looks like the original Hydranoid
isn't such a big deal after all.
Hades is better and stronger in every way...
but why keep talking about it, when I can show
you in painful detail again and again.
[laughter]
CHAN: Enough!
CHAN: Let's see how you fare against me.
Bakugan....Brawl!
CHAN: Bakugan Stand!
Pyrus Fortress!
PYRUS FORTRESS: Evil spirits be gone.
Or face my wrath.
CHAN: Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability card, set.
CHAN: Phase Drive!
PYRUS FORTRESS: [laughter]
One should always laugh and take pleasure in their work.
This is why, evil forces, it gives me great joy
to vanquish you with my mighty blades of fire!
PYRUS FORTRESS: [laughter]
ALICE: Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
ALICE: Indigo Nightmare!
HYDRA: [roar]
SHADOW PROVE: Double ability, activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Phaser Trident plus Photon Tail!
HYDRA: [pain reax]
ALICE: Hydranoid, no!
CHAN: I can't believe he took them both down at the
same time.
SHADOW PROVE: That was fun.
I feel like doing some more damage.
SHADOW PROVE: Gate Card...open!
SHADOW PROVE: Phantasm!
PYRUS FORTRESS: [laughter]
The one with rocks for brains is turning us to stone.
HYDRA: [pain reax]
CHAN: Oh no!
ALICE: He trapped us.
SHADOW PROVE: Ha ha!
Good one, huh?
Phantasm is a Command Card that freezes your
opponents and takes away 100 points from each of
their power levels.
SHADOW PROVE: Alright Hades!
Let's show this three headed dinosaur and his
laughing friend who's boss.
PYRUS FORTRESS: [pain reax]
HYDRA: [pain reax]
SHADOW PROVE: You guys are making this way too easy.
ALICE: I'm so sorry, Hydranoid.
HYDRA: Don't apologize, Alice.
He will see it as a sign of weakness.
ALICE: [gasp]
Okay then...I'll be brave.
ALICE: Gate card, set!
ALICE: Bakugan Brawl!
ALICE: Bakugan Stand!
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan Brawl!
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan Stand!
HYDRA: [low growl rising]
HYDRA: [grunt]
SHADOW PROVE: Face it, Hydranoid!
Your power is nothing compared to Hades!
HYDRA: We'll see about that, Vexos scum.
ALICE: Ability activate!
ALICE: Chaos Leap Sting!
GAUNTLET: Ability card, set.
ALICE: Ability activate!
ALICE: Destruction Grind!
SHADOW PROVE: Oh man, they're doing a number on
his power level!
SHADOW PROVE: Time for a Mechanical Bakugan Trap.
Darkus Fortress...let's go!
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan Stand!
CHAN: Stand back, Alice.
This one's mine.
Bakugan...Brawl!
CHAN: Bakugan Stand!
Let's go Pyrus Fortress!
PYRUS FORTRESS: Evil spirits be gone!
SHADOW PROVE: Time to show you clowns some serious
fire power.
Ability activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Cross fire!
PYRUS FORTRESS: [pain reax]
HYDRA: [pain reax]
HYDRA: [angry/anguished roar]
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter]
Who's the boss?
CHAN: Ahhhhh....Ability activate!
CHAN: Phaser Glare!
CHAN: Fusion ability, activate!
Thunder Sky, Thousand-Swords Rain!
PYRUS FORTRESS: Just like laughter, anger is also
important in battle and it is with great rage that I
rain down upon you with swords of flame.
[laughter]
CHAN: Time to let it pour down, Pyrus Fortress.
SHADOW PROVE: This is gonna huuuurrrttt!
ALICE: You did it!
CHAN: Not bad, huh?
SHADOW PROVE: Alright, enough of this!
You've had your fun.
Now it's time to say good-night!
Ability activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Stinger Cannon!
SHADOW PROVE: Eeenie, meenie, minie,
moe....who's the next who has to go?
SHADOW PROVE: Looks like you're the lucky one,
little girl!
[laughter]
HYDRA: Hmmph.
Show him how strong you truly are, Alice.
SHADOW PROVE: Huh?
HYDRA: Wipe the smirk off of his face!
SHADOW PROVE: [shocked reax]
ALICE: Would you be so arrogant, if you knew I
used to be the Brawler Masquerade?
SHADOW PROVE: [shocked reax]
ALICE: I will not lose...to a lowly Vexos
like you.
SHADOW PROVE: [frightened reax]
Hades!
Fiiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrre!
MASQUERADE: Gate card, open.
Ring zero!
SHADOW PROVE: Hey! What the...?!
He's frozen!
What's with that?
MASQUERADE: Ring Zero is a Command Card that freezes
all of the abilities that your opponent activates.
ALICE: This is for trying to scare me.
Ability activate!
ALICE: Death Trident!
HYDRA: [roar]
SHADOW PROVE: [exertion reax]
CHAN: Nice one, Alice.
ALICE: Thanks.
SHADOW PROVE: Look what you did to my Hades!
SHADOW PROVE: He's in a million pieces!
I'll never get back into ball form.
That's soooooo not cool man!
Did I blast your overgrown lizard to smithereens?
No, I didn't.
SHADOW PROVE: You crossed the line, lady.
SHADOW PROVE: Gate card, set!
SHADOW PROVE: You didn't find my wolf so scary
earlier.
Let's see how you like my spider.
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Okay, Little Miss Muffet!
Let's go!
....Yeahhhh!
HYDRA: I'm ready, Alice.
ALICE: Me too!
Ability activate!
ALICE: Death Trident!
SHADOW PROVE: Ability activate!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Wild Close!
SHADOW PROVE: [Laughter]
SHADOW PROVE: Gotcha again!
CHAN: Ability activate!
Phase Breaker!
PYRUS FORTRESS: No battle is without regret.
PYRUS FORTRESS: It saddens me greatly to have to
destroy your Bakugan once again.
PYRUS FORTRESS: However sad this is, some lessons
are best learnt the hard way.
PYRUS FORTRESS: [Kung-Fu noises, hi-yah etc...)
CHAN: Hit him now, Alice!
ALICE: Go Hydranoid!
HYDRA: Time to disappear!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: You're kidding me.
Is that really all you've got, ladies?
SHADOW PROVE: You know, normally I'm not such a
bad guy.
But you smashed my Hades.
Now revenge and wishing bad things on you like....
...PINK EYE!
And now for some of this.
SHADOW PROVE: Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability card, set.
SHADOW PROVE: Mega Terror Impact!
[\u266a]
PYRUS FORTRESS: [pain]
HYDRA: [pain]
ALICE: Hydranoid!
CHAN: Pyrus Fortress!
PYRUS FORTRESS: [pain]
HYDRA: [pain]
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter]
SHADOW PROVE: Nice. Two birds with one stone.
CHAN: I can't believe it.
ALICE: We lost.
DR. MICHAEL: Alice!
Alice?
DR. MICHAEL: Oh no!
DR. MICHAEL: My laboratory and the Dimension
Transporter have been destroyed.
Now Dan and the others won't be able to return to Earth.
ALICE: Grandfather!
DR. MICHAEL: Hmmm?
CHAN: It must have happened during our battle
with Shadow Prove.
ALICE: I'm so sorry...Grandfather.
[sob] I didn't want this.
ZENOHELD: I understand Shadow Prove was
victorious.
ZENOHELD: So then...who's next Prince?
PRINCE HYDRON: I'd like to sit back and wait for news
of Alice's defeat to reach Vestal.
When Dan Kuso hears about it...
PRINCE HYDRON: ... he's sure to rush back to Earth...
I'll be waiting for him.
[maniacal laughter]
[\u266a]
VOLT: I never should have let Mylene cast Brontes
away like that.
I can't change the past but now I can make things right.
I have to get him back.
VOLT: But he's with that creep Gus now.
I never liked that guy, but now that he has my
Brontes, I really can't stand him.
I've gotta do whatever it takes to win this next battle.
I can't let Brontes down.
VOLT: If you want to see some fierce Vexos on Vexos
Brawling, you've gotta tune in.
VOLT: I'll save you, Brontes.
Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT: Come to Daddy!
[\u266a]